---
date: 2024-06-05
title: uxTOMMY
titleTemplate: 100 Questions
description: Fun facts about me
customDate: 05 Jun 2024
aside: false
tags:
- biography
---

<h1>100 Questions</h1>

<br>

<h2>June 05, 2024</h2>

<ol>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite movie?
        <br>
        A. The Pursuit of Happyness. It was shown to my class in 7th grade, and it changed my life.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What are your favorite movie genres?
        <br>
        A. Cerebral / Biopics
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Who is your favorite actor?
        <br>
        A. Denzel Washington
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What are your favorite videogames?
        <br>
        A. Minecraft / Mega Man Maverick Hunter X
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What are your favorite videogame platforms?
        <br>
        A. PC / GameBoy Advance
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your biggest dream?
        <br>
        A. To retire young and live a stress-free life.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Who is your favorite designer?
        <br>
        A. Jony Ive. To this day, I think iOS 7 had the greatest design system of any piece of software ever. He was also responsible for the trend of translucent tech products in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your dream job?
        <br>
        A. UI engineer (my current job)
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Are you an introvert or extrovert?
        <br>
        A. Definitely introvert
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is something you splurge on?
        <br>
        A. I love luxury mechanical watches. It's a really expensive passion though.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is one of your best memories?
        <br>
        A. In 2015, during the last play of Super Bowl XLIX, when the Patriots caught the interception at the 1-yard line and won the game, that was the most excited I've ever been. It might be a tie between that and when I found out I landed my dream job as a UI engineer.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your biggest regret?
        <br>
        A. Not buying Bitcoin when it was low lol. Also, not learning how to play an instrument as a child.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What do you like to do on the weekends?
        <br>
        A. I like to practice at the gun range and visit the watch boutiques.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Do you prefer country or city living?
        <br>
        A. I don't like big crowded cities, but I don't like the boonies either. I prefer suburban cities.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What are your favorite foods?
        <br>
        A. Country fried steak / Apple turnovers
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your dream car?
        <br>
        A. The first generation Audi R8. It's peak design.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Who are your favorite musical artists?
        <br>
        A. Lil Wayne / The Weeknd / A$AP Rocky
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite animal?
        <br>
        A. Raccoon
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite sport to watch?
        <br>
        A. Red Bull hosts a sport called "Soapbox" every year where people build motor-less vehicals and compete in a downhill race. It's absolutely ridiculous.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite fashion brand?
        <br>
        A. Burberry
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What are your favorite songs?
        <br>
        A. Aurora - Runaway / Modest Mouse - Float On
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What are your favorite songs?
        <br>
        A. Aurora - Runaway / Modest Mouse - Float On
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What are your favorite music genres?
        <br>
        A. Rap / R&B
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite book?
        <br>
        A. Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiyosaki
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Who is your favorite visual artist?
        <br>
        A. Hajime Sorayama
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite joke?
        <br>
        A. Why was six afraid of seven? Because eight nine ten
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite show?
        <br>
        A. HBO Silicon Valley
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What do you want to experience before you die?
        <br>
        A. I want to live long enough to see humanity on Mars.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite music album?
        <br>
        A. The Weeknd - After Hours / Aurora - All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Who is your favorite super hero?
        <br>
        A. Tony Stark / Iron Man
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What do you like most about your career?
        <br>
        A. I love that it's the perfect middle ground between technical and creative.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Is your glass half-empty or half-full?
        <br>
        A. If the glass started out empty and was filled half way, it's half-full. If the glass was full and had half of its contents removed, then it's half-empty.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
        <br>
        A. A hammock, a blue lagoon cocktail, and a side-table to put the drink on. I'm not trying to survive as long as possible; I'd just want to enjoy the peace and quiet.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite season of the year?
        <br>
        A. Autumn. Perfect temperature.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite scent?
        <br>
        A. Probably cinnamon bread.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
        <br>
        A. Vanilla. It's highly underrated because it's the "default", but good quality vanilla is actually a pretty complex flavor, and not boring like it's reputation suggests.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Cats or Dogs?
        <br>
        A. Cats. They're quieter and lower maintenance.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. If you could snap your fingers and become an expert in something, what would it be?
        <br>
        A. An expert pianist.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. Coffee or Tea?
        <br>
        A. Both. I love matcha green tea, but I also enjoy a black cold brew coffee.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your go-to movie theater snack?
        <br>
        A. Swedish Fish or any kind of gummy. They aren't messy, and they don't make a lot of noise.
    </li>
    <li>
        Q. What is your favorite kind of sandwich?
        <br>
        A. Chicken caprese on ciabatta bread
    </li>
</ol>

<div v-for="blog in blogs">
    <span id="tags" v-if="blog.basename == '2024-06-05'">
        <span id="tagPills" v-for="tag in blog.tags">
            {{ tag }}
        </span>
    </span>
</div>

<style scoped>
li {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
}
#imgWindow {
    width: 100%;
    overflow-x: scroll;
}
img {
    min-width: 175%;
}
p {
    text-align: justify;
}

#tags {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: end;
}
#tagPills {
    color: #999;
    font-size: .85rem;
    border: 1px #999 solid;
    border-radius: 1rem;
    padding: 3px 6px;
    margin-left: 4px;
}
</style>

<script>
export default {
    data() {
        return {
            blogs: <!--@include: ../blogs-metadata.json-->
        }
    }
}
</script>